Normalize CredentialsContainer.get() (#35255)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/credentialscontainer/get/index.md

{{APIRef("Credential Management API")}}{{SecureContext_Header}}

> The **`get()`** method of the {{domxref("CredentialsContainer")}} interface returns a {{jsxref("Promise")}} that fulfills with a single {{glossary("credential")}}, which can then be used to authenticate a user: for example, when signing them into a website.

Reviewer: A long sentence. 

```suggestion
The **`get()`** method of the {{domxref("CredentialsContainer")}} interface returns a {{jsxref("Promise")}} that fulfills with a single {{glossary("credential")}}, which can then be used to authenticate a user with a website.
```

Author: Actually, having accepted this change, I'm not sure. Do you "authenticate a user _with_ a website"? Or "_to_ a website"? "with" feels like it should apply to the credential not to the RP, e.g. "authenticate with a username and password".

Author: Updated again: https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/35255/commits/1b9f35bb70c1c3b15ec73e162a4b74e6be9e68a6 .

The method accepts a single optional `options` argument, which may include:

> - A `mediation` property indicating how and whether the user should be asked to participate in the operation, controlling, for example, whether the site can silently sign a user in using a stored credential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A `mediation` property indicating how and whether the user should be asked to participate in the operation.
  This controls, for example, whether the site can silently sign a user in using a stored credential.
```

{{APIRef("Credential Management API")}}{{SecureContext_Header}}

> The **`get()`** method of the {{domxref("CredentialsContainer")}} interface returns a {{jsxref("Promise")}} that fulfills with a single {{glossary("credential")}}, which can then be used to authenticate a user with a website.

Author: ```suggestion
The **`get()`** method of the {{domxref("CredentialsContainer")}} interface returns a {{jsxref("Promise")}} that fulfills with a single {{glossary("credential")}}, which can then be used to authenticate a user to a website.
```

      - : An {{domxref("AbortSignal")}} object instance that allows an ongoing `get()` operation to be aborted. An aborted operation may complete normally (generally if the abort was received after the operation finished) or reject with an "`AbortError`" {{domxref("DOMException")}}.

    - `password` {{optional_inline}}

>       - : This option asks the browser to retrieve a stored [password](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Credential_Management_API/Credential_types#passwords) as a {{domxref("PasswordCredential")}} object. It is a boolean value.

Reviewer: I know you don't want to me to comment on the grammar, but don't we usually structure parameters as type then purpose?

```suggestion
      - : A boolean that specifies whether the browser should retrieve a stored [password](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Credential_Management_API/Credential_types#passwords) as a {{domxref("PasswordCredential")}} object.
```

Author: It's true: however, this would I think make especially https://pr35255.content.dev.mdn.mozit.cloud/en-US/docs/Web/API/CredentialsContainer/get#federated hard to understand, where we describe the parameter structure inline. If we put the purpose after, then the purpose gets lost. And the purpose in this case is so central to the API.

Reviewer: Yes it would. Your call.

    - `identity` {{optional_inline}}

      - : This option asks the browser to retrieve a [federated identity credential](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Credential_Management_API/Credential_types#federated_identity_credentials) as an {{domxref("IdentityCredential")}} object, using the [Federated Credential Management API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/FedCM_API).

        This option's value is an {{domxref("IdentityCredentialRequestOptions")}} object containing details of the specific identity providers that the website wants to use.

>     - `federated` {{optional_inline}}

Reviewer: FYI only -  a bit of a pity this isn't in BCD so it could be marked as deprecated by our system.s

Author: I would like to understand the situation regarding `federated` versus `identity` better, and generally improve our messaging on it.

AFAIK FedCM (which adds `identity`) is part of Google's efforts to deprecate third party cookies - so the big issue with `federated` is that it depends on third-party cookies. So I know that Google (at least) would like people not to use `federated`. But [noone else even supports FedCM](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/FedCM_API#browser_compatibility). So is it even right to talk about `federated` as deprecated? To what extent do web developers use `identity` versus `federated`? And how is this affected by Google's recent announcement that third-party cookies are not after all going away?

Perhaps @chrisdavidmills knows?

But anyway that's surely for a later PR.

Reviewer: Yes. This is resolved since we don't know enough and it shouldn't be blocking. However leaving discussion open for @chrisdavidmills to comment if desired.

          - : An array of strings representing the protocols of the requested credentials' federated identity providers (for example, `"openidconnect"`).
        - `providers`
          - : An array of strings representing the credentials' federated identity providers (for example `"https://www.facebook.com"` or `"https://accounts.google.com"`).

    - `otp` {{optional_inline}}

      - : This option asks the browser to retrieve a [one-time password (OTP)](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Credential_Management_API/Credential_types#one-time_passwords) as an {{domxref("OTPCredential")}} object.

        This option's value is an array of strings which may only contain the string value `"sms"`.

    - `publicKey` {{optional_inline}}

      - : This option asks the browser to retrieve an [assertion signed using the Web Authentication API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Credential_Management_API/Credential_types#web_authentication_assertions) as a {{domxref("PublicKeyCredential")}}.

        This option's value is a {{domxref("PublicKeyCredentialRequestOptions")}} object.

### Return value

A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that resolves with one of the following subclasses of {{domxref("Credential")}}:

> - {{domxref("PasswordCredential")}}

Reviewer: For all of these these we should perhaps be consistent with `create()`, so 
```suggestion
- {{domxref("PasswordCredential")}}, if the credential type was `password`.
```

Author: This API is different from `create()` though. With `create()` you only request a single type, and get that type back. With this API you can request any one of multiple types, and get one of those types back. So it's not necessarily the case that you get (for example) `PasswordCredential` if the type was password.

It is the case that you must have requested a credential with a given type, to get that type. But it's quite hard to express this in a non-confusing way (and seems quite obvious to me, given the previous description).

Reviewer: You're right.
